docs(#7163): update purging documentation after adding chtScriptApi (#1075)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/guides/performance/purging.md

- `userCtx`, an object with the user's `roles` as fields. For more information read the [documentation for the User Context Object](https://docs.couchdb.org/en/stable/json-structure.html#userctx-object).
- `contact`, the contact document of a patient or other contact who has reports about them.
- `reports`, an array of all reports for that subject that are present on the server.

> - `messages`, an array of sms messages that the contact has sent or received.

Reviewer: Line 103 above says "this function takes four parameters" which is now out of date.

- `chtScriptApi` (Optional) the CHT API that provides CHT-Core Framwework's functions to other parts of the app. More info on the API can be found [here]({{<ref "apps/reference/_partial_cht_api" >}}).

> - `persmissionSettings` (Optional) string or array of permissions that the user has. More info on permissions can be found [here]({{<ref "apps/reference/app-settings/user-permissions" >}}).

Reviewer: I think there's a typo here?

```suggestion
- `permissionSettings` (Optional) string or array of permissions that the user has. More info on permissions can be found [here]({{<ref "apps/reference/app-settings/user-permissions" >}}).
```

Reviewer: Also, should it just be called `permissions`?

> - `persmissionSettings` (Optional) string or array of permissions that the user has. More info on permissions can be found [here]({{<ref "apps/reference/app-settings/user-permissions" >}}).

Reviewer: Please add something like "added in 4.3.0" to these two paramters so it's clear.

- `contact`, the contact document of a patient or other contact who has reports about them.
- `reports`, an array of all reports for that subject that are present on the server.
- `messages`, an array of sms messages that the contact has sent or received

> - `chtScriptApi` the CHT API that provides CHT-Core Framwework's functions to toher parts of the app. More info on thea API can be found [here](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/apps/reference/_partial_cht_api/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `chtScriptApi` the CHT API that provides CHT-Core Framwework's functions to other parts of the app. More info on the API can be found [here](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/apps/reference/_partial_cht_api/)
```

Reviewer 2: Also for the links withing the cht-docs we use this notation: `[tasks]({{<ref "apps/reference/tasks" >}})` it will let the app resolve the link automatically in case we change the domain.

> - `persmissionSettings` string or array of permissions that the user has. More info on permissions can be found [here](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/apps/reference/app-settings/user-permissions/)

Reviewer 2: Same here about the link notation, example `[tasks]({{<ref "apps/reference/tasks" >}})`

Reviewer 2: Are any of these optional?
